Add config options for tool dependency installs (#19565)
galaxyproject/galaxy: client/README.md

test bed and check them for rendered features. Please use jest-based mocking
for isolating test functionality.

### Linting

> We use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) to enforce code style and best
> practices. Before submitting a pull request, from the `client` folder, run the
> following commands as appropriate to ensure all the code is properly formatted:
> 
>     yarn prettier --check .
>     yarn prettier --write .
>     yarn prettier --write src/components/MyComponent.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) to enforce code style and best
practices. Before submitting a pull request, run the following commands
as appropriate to ensure all the code is properly formatted:

    make client-lint
    make client-format
```
